Εκφώνηση 


Part A
● Load stereoscopic images of scenes. Prefer scenes with large planar areas with large objects on
them, such as cars.
● Use the stereo images to generate disparity maps and convert them to point clouds (P1).
● Apply denoising algorithms of your choice to improve the quality of the scene


Part B
● Load a second point cloud directly (P2).
● Apply planar detection algorithms of your choice to detect and remove points that belong to
large planar areas (walls, floor) to both point clouds. Comment on the differences
● Perform clustering to the remaining points to group points that belong to the same object.
Devise a criterion to keep only clusters that are actual objects. Show their bounding boxes.
● Turn the planar areas and clusters into virtual objects, by calculating their bounding box/convex
hull. Throw a sphere and simulate its trajectory, performing collision detection with the objects
you created.
● Perform object-based triangulation.

: https://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_stereo.php


Info 

Stereoscopic images of scenes

Stereoscopic images of scenes are images that are designed to create
the illusion of depth and dimensionality by simulating the way that
human eyes perceive the world. They are typically created by taking 
two slightly different images of the same scene, from two different 
perspectives that correspond to the separation between the human eyes, 
and then presenting them to each eye separately, such as through a 
stereoscope or with 3D glasses.

Disparity maps

Disparity maps are a way of representing the differences or disparities between
the two images in a stereoscopic image pair. They are typically used in computer vision
and image processing to extract depth information from stereo images, and to create 3D
reconstructions of scenes. To create a disparity map, computer algorithms analyze the 
differences between corresponding points in the left and right images of a stereo pair.
By comparing the location of each point in both images, the algorithm can determine 
how far away the object is from the camera. This distance information is then used 
to create a depth map or 3D reconstruction of the scene.

stereo images
Stereo images are a pair of two-dimensional images that are taken from slightly
different angles or positions, with one image for the left eye and one for the 
right eye. The two images are designed to create the illusion of depth and
dimensionality when viewed together, similar to how human eyes perceive the world.



